This is a head-gum original.
In studio, everything's clean. That I can assure you.
Yeah. How does everybody feel? I feel a little frazzled after which has happened.
I don't know what you were doing right beforehand, but basically what's that face?
Yeah, you kind of suddenly just stipulated and slapped your pint glass of cold brew onto the ground onto the sandbags onto your tote bag onto the camera onto the cord loop.
My phone. Yeah, I'm sure you spent the better part of five minutes cleaning that up.
Casey, a frazzled, because you've been in this position before, if we were to call when you used to.
Yeah, you spray it on. Champagne everywhere.
Yeah. So, repeat event slightly less sticky. Fortunately, didn't get on any equipment, but it was a pint glass, which is very big.
It was filled up right now. It was filled to the brim with cold brew concentrate.
The caffeine equivalent of five coffees just filled everywhere at the tip of the glass over. That was full to the brim.
Yeah, it was probably at the logo. Yeah.
Dame Lillard style. Nice.
Thursday, July 21st.
What?
The fact that it's not really playing.
Yeah.
But in the end.
It was also just like you, it didn't look like you were doing anything.
So, it just kind of, almost felt like Casey was the one that clapped.
We tried to get a producer camera on Casey for this episode, but we're going to have to do it next time.
Yeah.
I could hold up my iPhone and film him in the entire time.
You run out of storage in five minutes.
But what a way to go.
We have in studio. I should have started with this. Two New Yorkers. We've got Kayla.
More reality on the horn.
And Marieka Brown, I think, bringing up the rear.
Interesting.
And so where do I go?
Here is here the middle cog.
Yeah.
It's a machine.
It'll be nice.
I'm a middle child.
Are you?
Was your experience to a text book or was it better than that?
To text back.
Yeah.
What is the middle child known for?
Being overlooked.
Because it's all about the extremes, the youngest and the oldest.
Which of your brothers is overlooked?
Because you're the youngest, right?
Yeah.
The middle child, you know, graphic designer.
I don't know if he was overlooked.
Seems like he was properly looked.
But I'd have to ask him for his own personal.
Oh, coffee almost filled me.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
That's good.
I don't want to call him right now.
Do you text?
All right.
Hey, were you overlooked growing up?
It's kind of like the text that we almost made.
Jeff sent.
Right.
Yeah.
I did send the text.
Not the one you.
Yeah.
If you wanted me to send my ex-girlfriend, we're on good terms, right?
And I couldn't do that.
Interesting.
Because even if you're on good terms, that's not a good text.
Because it means I'm about to say something that might put us on bad terms.
Right.
Yeah.
How is Los Angeles treating you guys?
You were just here.
I was just here.
Yeah.
Since 2019.
Right.
How's it changed?
Yeah.
There's putting stores.
Hmm.
Have a notice.
Well, it's been pretty much the same.
Oh, certainly.
She has brought up multiple times at the noodle places gone.
Yeah.
But that was even before the pandemic.
There was a place very close by here called We Have Noodles.
So it was my favorite restaurant in LA.
And it's gone.
But you have noodle.
Yeah.
It feels like a cardboard sign.
So it was really like one of the best deals I've ever eaten in my life.
It was like Suvee Chicken breast soup.
Pickled long beans.
I'll never forget it.
And I'll never be able to read it.
I'll be chicken breast.
And long bean long beans.
It's for 81.
Where's your noodles?
Yeah.
There are noodles.
You bet there in noodles.
How did you even find that place?
My friend.
I was one of my friends.
I think it was like on this block on the corner.
Like it was very close here.
Yeah.
Because there's, there is a noodle place.
And it's called Needle.
Yeah.
I think it was in that building.
I think it did the giant Isaac bread cone next door.
Oscar Isaac.
And his brother got into the bakery.
Yeah.
Giant.
Ryan?
No.
C-I-A-N.
The Dean's Ryan.
It's J-Y-A-N.
Which does feel like Jean Ryan.
Casey, did you ever go to this noodle place?
Have you heard of it?
I've never heard of this place.
No.
Now I feel like I'm being gas-lit.
Like, oh, is it real?
I can't.
I know what I'm saying.
I assure you.
Everywhere I liked in New York, you were like, okay.
That's the place.
Well, because you got really into Z-Bars.
Like, a month and a year trip.
I discovered that.
Well, I know that everybody loves Z-Bars.
But I emerged out of the subway station.
Whatever the fucking thing is.
The L.
Not the L. The, the six.
Yeah, sure.
The red one.
No.
No. That's the 123.
123.
Yeah.
In the upper west.
Amsterdam.
Yeah.
And I was like, where have you been all my life?
It was love at first flight of stairs.
I was like, I'm gonna say a flight of cheese.
The architecture is unbelievable.
I mean, the fucking, where did Jean-Leaning get shot?
Yeah, the Dakota.
I would kill to live there.
Sure.
Yeah.
I used to work at a hospital in New York City.
And our claim to fame was that that's the hospital where Jean-Leaning died.
Yeah.
That's all we learned.
Every day.
Great.
Let's, let's keep it going.
I do want to hear more about you guys.
Jean-Leaning, but that's everybody's.
Save.
I know.
I actually have.
I have.
I have a great answer for this.
Craig.
What's his name?
Daniel Craig.
What sucks is for you is that you just did this 48 hours.
Okay.
I don't remember what I said.
Things have changed for me.
In the landscape of James Bond.
And obviously this will come out way later than this.
But Joe Pera did announce that he is the new James Bond on Seth Meyers.
Last night.
That's your.
That's so that's my bond of the week.
Okay.
He said we needed James Bond who knows a lot about trees and beans.
And I agree with that.
It's going on with you and beans today.
Yeah.
It's going on with you and beans.
I was quoting Joe Pera.
You're not.
Very nice.
Why not a celibate.
Jane American James Bond.
You said.
Why not a celibate American James Bond.
Hmm.
Okay.
So that's my pick.
Joe Pera is great.
Sure.
I'll stick with the Joe's and I'll go.
Joe Biden.
Hmm.
Come on man.
What is that?
That's why.
That's a bunch of malarkey.
Wow.
Yes, go.
It's a prayer.
Why won't you die?
Wow.
Yeah.
That's my vote.
I'm talking about beans more.
That's okay.
Bond the week.
I'm going to go with my boy.
Who's new show I love Nathan Filder.
Yeah.
I've heard it's good.
I haven't seen it.
So good.
That would be very funny.
My friend used to live right next door to Nathan.
Really?
Right.
Like two bucks that way.
Hmm.
Casey.
Have a DJ quals.
Oh.
He's golden shin.
Explained, please.
Yeah.
Who's DJ glam?
He's the guy from Road Trip.
Yeah.
Oh.
He's, uh, I don't think he's been in a movie in 15 years.
At least.
What a comeback.
That's what I'm saying.
You may see it, man.
You know, I had a different one written down.
But I might change mine to Brandon Frazier for similar reason.
Brandon or Brendan.
Brandon.
Bro.
Different guy.
Yeah.
He's the name sake of Frazier National Park.
Hmm.
What?
It's like glacier.
But you're a little frozen.
You just think.
How many scrambled eggs and toss salads can you get there?
Um.
Well, none because it's a nation.
Great.
Cut this out.
Oh.
Creason.
Don't listen to it.
You must not know about something.
No.
I stopped doing that.
Why?
Why is that?
I didn't like.
It became not fun for me.
Uh, my pick this week is Prince Harry.
Because he needs.
First of all, he needs to ingratiate himself back within like the classic UK culture.
Also.
What is he, he's not doing anything.
And he's living in here, I think.
Yeah.
He can take a meeting at MGM like that.
And, uh, I think it'd be interesting to see a royal bond.
I'm sorry.
Did you think that was a pun?
I thought that was sort of a bomb drop.
I thought that was interesting to you guys.
That's some way.
Yeah.
Fond is kind of like royalty almost to the culture.
Right.
Yeah.
He's going.
Okay.
Checking the levels or maybe we haven't recorded.
Grace and keep that in.
I'm worried about the sound effects playing in the room and then hitting KC's mic.
I'm worried about it hitting my ear.
Yeah.
Definitely.
You really are.
Make sure killer those.
Yeah.
Make sure that everything works a second time.
So I don't even know if it worked on the Tuesday episode.
We did the same thing.
But uh, there was some issues for sure.
Hmm.
Like echo.
Yeah.
I wasn't there.
I didn't hear that.
Yeah.
The ash thing or the echo.
Be echo.
And here's a gash thing.
Oh, the gash thing was a hit.
That doesn't come out yet, right?
It comes out tomorrow morning, but I know it's going to be a hit.
Right.
Okay.
Just you.
You.
Yeah.
That'll be a hit.
The core four.
Yeah.
Let's take it back to.
Kaelen.
Maria.
Good.
Los Angeles.
Um.
How long are you here?
Uh, till Monday.
Okay.
So that's enough time to maybe have a little wrong day boo.
Let's talk about dating an LA.
Yeah.
Uh.
Are you curious?
No.
What the scene is like here compared to New York.
Not really.
Really.
Yeah.
But what about like, yeah.
Cause I was thinking we could go to the.
That's a good idea.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I really like the wingman you.
Yeah.
That's cool.
That's nice of you.
Um.
I don't think I need to go to Cebiland then.
Have you been?
No.
I ran into the last time Jake was in town.
I think you weren't there, but I ran into Jake and Marty at Cebiland.
And I just surf with Jake that morning.
Do you go off?
What's that?
Or was that just a coincidence?
Well, it's kind of interesting actually.
Because like, Cebiland was like the bar last year.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what?
Are you like meeting me where I'm at?
I don't think so.
I.
That was every weekend we were going.
I was interested.
And then this year it hasn't been.
It's interesting.
It's been.
Yeah.
I've maybe gone twice since I got back from New York which.
Uh, for those who aren't familiar.
This is like a fine bar in Los Angeles.
But uh, something we're placed at like 4,100 bar.
You're going there every weekend.
Almost every weekend.
Wow.
Interesting.
That's crazy to me because.
That was like a spot like a decade ago.
Right.
And then it was in cycling.
And now it's back.
Yeah.
That's become cool and then overcrowded.
And then it becomes boring again.
And then it becomes cool again.
100%.
There was uh, what was the old place?
Uh, ten saddle trees.
Oh, yes.
The saddle.
It was the spot 2019.
Yeah.
It was.
Covid.
Yeah.
That's a real bummer.
Uh, there was a dance party there every Saturday called Dancer Self Clean.
That was a lot.
That's fun.
Yeah.
Um, but we're not here to talk about fucking this satellite.
But you.
Right.
That clubs in L.A.
We're here to talk about L.A.
Rex.
What's that?
It's, uh, you know, Rex Orange County.
Yeah.
This is Rex Los Angeles County.
So do you guys need any Rex?
Like.
Oh, Rex.
Yeah.
Uh.
Where did you guys eat dinner last night?
Yeah.
Um, some semi-trap.
semi-trapic.
With Martian Cohen.
Marti loves me.
Yeah.
But they're with him.
He was waxing politically about it.
And they don't have much food.
They don't get off.
No.
If one popcorn's on your menu.
Oh, no.
On the menu.
Hot.
Do you want?
No.
That'll be 11.
Why?
L.A.
L.A. Oyster Bar.
I love that place.
Yeah.
A highly recommend.
You don't like the marinated shrimp cocktail.
Uh.
Thoughts?
Didn't know they had that.
You don't really recommend you.
Oyster's Rockefeller clams casino.
Oh, god.
And a fuzz and roast.
That's a fuzzy fuzz and roast on the side.
What's the only steak you can have as a side?
This is a riddle.
What do we say?
What?
Namely, only steak you can have on the side.
Yeah.
A side steak.
Flank steak.
Oh, wow.
Is that enough?
Because you're flank.
Okay.
I was thinking like hanging on a hanger on.
Yeah.
It's got on the side too, right?
Don't worry.
And steak, those.
That could be the answer to your riddle.
Yeah.
What's going to steak you can have on the side?
No.
Because steak for eyes.
Hmm.
Better than yours.
Or is it flank steak?
Flank steak's really funny.
Flank is a side.
I think steak rises a better punch line to that.
I don't think so.
Casey.
Neither are you saying marriage to another.
We have a little bit more time.
Let's talk about this.
Upcoming imminent formula one podcast.
Wow.
Can we?
Should we?
It's very.
We've been talking about it.
I don't think it's a secret.
Yeah.
I mean, we want to make.
We want to do a formula on podcast.
Basically, we have a meeting.
The truth for August 4th.
How do you win?
23.
Yeah.
Um.
I'm excited.
Are you?
Yeah.
Okay.
That meeting can be the first episode.
I don't think so.
Because we have to do it about.
What is it?
The.
The Italian one is this weekend.
Nope.
The fucking.
Yeah.
The Austrian.
It's French.
No.
I'm 100%.
Circuit.
Polary card.
This is why you can never read on the podcast.
Yeah.
You just don't know your shit.
And it's.
He's a fish now.
I do think that something that I don't respect about myself is that I feel like I
Dabble in a lot.
Yeah.
And I don't dive into any one thing.
Well, you do dive in.
We just dive out really fast.
Yeah.
Even that hat you want to be a hockey fan.
Oh.
You're being read to films.
I know.
Yeah.
You're like a lot of no trades in a master of even less than.
Black of all trades.
You know, little about everything and nothing about all.
I know a lot about 60s rock.
But even that is like new.
It's like four years.
Right.
Yeah.
But that's still new.
I mean, it's like.
Yeah.
I had a conversation.
What trivia category would you know the most about?
Music.
Yeah.
But it's specifically what kind of music.
Any music, but mostly for 60, 70s.
Interesting.
I had a conversation on Saturday night from.
I think two, 30 in the morning to five, 30 in the morning on somebody's soup.
And we were talking about music because they were on musicians.
And I was talking about the, this is not interesting.
No.
You guys have nothing to add.
I can ask you a trivia question.
Yeah.
That way.
Okay.
Exactly how much he knows about music.
This is a softball question.
You don't get it.
You are a disgrace.
Well, again, I know music.
I don't really know sport.
It's a music question.
You said it.
Yeah.
Like you're playing softball.
What?
Musician has affiliation with the Manson family.
Oh, Brian Wilson.
Good job.
And how did he die?
Uh, or not Brian Wilson.
Uh, starts with an R.
There Wilson brother.
In correct.
It was Brian Wilson.
I'm pretty sure.
Oh, I think it was Dennis.
Dennis.
Kevin.
That's the most.
Okay.
How did Dennis Wilson die?
I don't know.
Okay.
He drowned.
That sucks.
All right.
Who's in the band fun with a period?
Oh, Nate Rus.
Jack Antonov and then the third guy that nobody cares about.
Did you know that Adam was in the format with the Nate?
Yeah.
Yes, baby.
I loved the format.
What the fuck?
I know.
We all learned this on the on the retreat.
I was there.
I didn't hear that.
I don't really know what that is.
Really.
Yeah.
Adam's such a sick guy.
He was in the format and then he worked at kink.com.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
What a cool trajectory.
And now he works at head go interesting.
You should have a month.
It's a downward trajectory.
Yeah.
In a way.
In terms of notoriety.
Although more people know headgun than the format.
I was obsessed with the format.
Yeah.
I went to every single show in the New England area.
So you told him that.
Oh, yeah.
And then I made him get on a zoom with my best friend.
And I thought we could be like, oh my god.
That's crazy.
Shout out the format for those who know.
Dog problems.
Yeah.
Format played at.
Universal Studios.
2006.
I was better.
What was that?
Elvis.
Yes.
Don't say that.
But that's cool Casey.
That was really cool.
Who else played there?
The format ceiling when I remember.
Wow.
Everyone knows this band.
I've never even heard of it.
Can we go around really quick and say our favorite song?
Never mind.
And we're back.
You know Kevin loves uncle is in the beach voice.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um.
Sorry.
It's he's frazzled.
Have you guys seen this show Beach, Fizam?
Beach?
Shazam?
Shazam.
Oh, my god.
Is that tune?
Yes.
I haven't seen it.
Hosted by Jamie Fox.
I believe on CBS.
Sure.
Basically, it's just can you name this song before the app Shazam does.
Okay.
So I thought we could play that.
There's no twist to it.
It's just I thought that'd be fun.
Okay.
Are you guys ready?
Sure.
Yeah.
I'll tell you this at the same time.
One at a time.
I think in the show, they elect someone.
So just for every round.
Okay.
Whoever does the fastest on this, right?
Yeah.
Okay. So that's the name of the game.
Beach Shazam.
Okay.
Casey also feel free to play along.
But you guys have to elect someone.
There's six songs.
Okay.
So.
Just isn't the show.
You guys ready?
Yeah.
All right.
Classic music.
I don't know.
What am I able to name what this is?
You guys lost.
That was a hit tempo by Edwin Rutton.
Yeah.
Are they all obscure?
Real songs I wonder.
I just was like, what, you know.
Yeah.
What popular songs are there in the 17th century?
Right.
Yeah.
Here we go.
You guys lost that one.
Just going well.
The nutcrackers theme.
So I'm just so slow and quiet.
This is fantastic.
You guys are getting more time because Shazam can't hear it.
Okay.
That's fair.
Did it just stop?
It was a short song.
Like the background to a Disney cartoon.
I know.
All right.
That's a failed round.
Okay.
Shazam can't recognize it.
That one was Symphony number six.
Shikovsky.
Oh.
Shaz's pretty famous.
Yeah.
Next one is Mambo number five.
Flight of the Bumblebee.
Nope.
That's not a song.
It sounds like the beginning of it's all coming back to me now.
Shazam doesn't work.
I don't think these are songs.
Moller.
Symphony number two.
Sure.
Okay.
I wonder if the other three are going to be symphonies.
I mean, would be fun if they were real songs.
Really?
Yeah.
Then people can play it off.
Right.
I don't think people listen to this to play along.
It's really torture.
Right.
I don't know.
So the worst.
The episode.
The better.
All right.
So then you're nailing it.
Mollers.
Everybody's talking.
Save Casey.
I can't remember.
Oh.
That's that.
I won't be able to go the name.
I have no idea.
Shazam does not work.
That was a man without love by English.
Engel.
Engel, Bert, Humper, Dink.
Uh.
Try the Siri one because maybe Shazam is.
All right.
Here we go.
Here.
I'll do it on my phone and see it.
Right.
This is not seamless.
In my head, this was going to kill.
Interesting.
You did say that.
You want to?
Yeah.
You want to hit play?
Yep.
We're back.
Not able to find anything.
Beethoven, Gross, Fuge.
And it was Gross.
Fuge.
Oh, it was fun.
Really quick.
Okay.
So it's over.
Oh.
I mean.
Okay.
No, you know what?
That's good.
Thank you.
That was over.
Let's get it started.
Oh, like a piece.
Oh.
There you go.
Um.
L.A. bucket list.
What?
To be L.A.
Well, you know, that's why there.
Where we are.
Yeah.
I wish I had time to see some of my friends.
Probably don't.
So that's kind of a bummer.
We're here for Comic-Con.
Yeah.
You want to talk about that a little bit?
I mean, I'll probably have more to say when I get back.
Obviously.
Yeah.
Sorry.
It's trick money.
No.
Yeah.
So.
We might.
Actually.
Well, Jake mentioned that we might do another festival.
Is that what you're trying to do?
Had gum lights.
Yeah.
We're working on it.
Where do you want to see it?
Uh.
I don't know.
I think we're we're talking about.
Port.
Portland.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Any time you talk.
Any time I talk.
You were just taking your email.
Well, now I'm listening.
Portland.
Yeah.
Sure.
Portland.
Seattle.
Southwest.
Why?
London.
I'd love to go.
OK.
We can just join the London podcast festival.
Also Tokyo.
I'll be next.
Australia, New Zealand.
It's a lot of Australia.
Have you been?
No.
I've ever been to with Lotho.
What's the really happen there?
What's the thing for data of like,
most listenership?
What's it called DMX or something?
DMX is dead.
Right, well, that's, like the demographics.
DMMA district, metropolitan area.
That's exactly right.
Yeah.
where are our biggest cities? New York for sure. Toronto I think. Great. No, I mean it's usually like
New York LA, Boston, Austin, Chicago, Cleveland, Atlanta. Very coastal, very urban. Yeah.
Which do you know? We can do Parfait. Pari? Pari? Yeah. It doesn't really do well in a non-English speaking
Yeah. Romani, Romania. I have the hiccups. Because you guys were housing cake before this.
You forced fed everyone at the office. Yeah, he's been talking about it. Yeah. I had half a cake left over.
You're cousin baked and you cousin baked the cake for obviously tells birth day. We finished half of it.
Brought in the other half. And then everybody here got together eight a lot of cake and they're still
half of that half left. Can I actually bring something up? Oh, I think I'm just starting talking.
So why am I even here? Please continue. I was just going to say, I feel like this is a good place to
address what I think is some tension between us and me. Oh, I mean you. Yeah, because you asked me
if I want to cake and I said no thank you and the look I got. Because I'm trying to, I'm trying to
hoard this cake. I like hoard really. I'm trying to come home with an empty tray. Oh, I see.
Well, I just felt like you were really mad at me and I just want to make sure we're okay.
Because I feel like everyone should be doing their part to finish the cake. It doesn't matter. It doesn't
doesn't matter. I just, I don't really like desserts. Yeah. Interesting.
Except like sour patch kids. Yeah. Or sour punch straw, sour belt. I mean,
like pastries and I don't like candy. Uh, well, it looks old.
Oh, sweet. Anyway, it's just want to say I'm so sorry if I'm going to do. So you would never have
any cake or cookie? Not never, but not often. Fresh baked chocolate chip cookies in the kitchen.
Are you having one? Probably not. Wow. They were brown butter chocolate. I mean, I try when I had
a little piece of cookie at Mike's birthday when we got him living cookies. Oh, those are, and you're
not even into that. No. Interesting. Why do you think that is? I don't know. Those are like the easiest
thing. Yeah. It's not about the difficulty of eating the dessert. It's about her not having
a big sweet tooth. Yeah, but you can have not a big sweet tooth. It's still on a cookie. No, I don't.
I would rather have a cheese plate than any dessert any day. Ice cream couldn't make me. No,
no ice cream for me. I'll skip the tart and get in a maro, no need. Oh, yeah. I mean, I drink my desserts.
Yeah. It's a digestive. Yeah. What's the deal with almonds as like a pastry? Like I accidentally
got like an almond croissant. Yeah. Marzipan is like my favorite almond. How do you make that?
It's not just almonds, right? Yes. Yeah. But they make it sweet in a way.
Almond's our sweet. That's what cyanide tastes like. Oh, really? It's almost like alcohol.
Yeah. So if I, yeah, never mind. No, he's right. Plants I've seen.
Welcome to the price all right.
So the name of the game is the price all right. Basically what I'm going to do with all the talk of the
did you just get Photoshop? Because you've been Photoshop more recently. The gash cab, the price all right.
The Instagram posts. It's all, yeah, the Instagram. That's all new. Try to put some more effort into
the show. I love it. Yeah. Um, the, it's called the prices all right. Yeah. It's nice. But the output doesn't
seem more of it. It's funny that the CBS look good. It's nice that you're trying, but it's a big CBS
stay on the podcast. We're really celebrating it. Yeah. The eye. Then the eyes have it. CBS gave
paid me the most in my life ever. So I, I feel brand-loiled. And you've worked ever many years.
Well, yeah. Anyway, price all right. The price all right. The idea is there's been a lot of
talk in the news recently about, you know, the more higher ups that were involved in that fault
for the January 6th insurrection and attempted coup. But what about all the people that were there,
the writers who are currently in jail, which I'll remind everyone does not mean like you tried to say
on a previous episode. Well, I wouldn't talk with too much freedom about it because you might end
up locked into litigation. Here we go. I'm going to present you a writer. I'm going to tell you
what they did. And then prices right rules. You have to tell me how many how long their sentences
in months. Okay. This is for actual cash. Are we calling them writers or patriots?
Oh my god. Holy shit. I'm just kidding. Nice. Here we go. Our first contest in a way. This is Robert Scott
Palmer. He hurled wooden boards in an extinguisher at police officers. What do you think this
sentence is? Is this a sentence served in jail? Or is that something else? Jail. Okay. Nine months. Nine
months. One month. Okay. Fourteen months. All right.
I had like a good case he gets. Yeah, Casey. Twenty months. Casey takes the cake without one so to speak.
He got sixty three months. Wow. Yeah. He's still in prison. Here we go.
This is going to be Devlin Thompson. Devlin has salted up Devlin himself. Devlin has salted
a police officer with a metal baton. And he also tried to throw a speaker at the police but missed
and ended up injuring another writer. So does that take months off? I think it's still
violent in a crime. He threw a speaker or the speaker that he's a little antsy guy.
She's petite. Spaker of the house. Yeah, he looks like an extra from news. You mentally cut off so fast.
You're like, I'll try this. I felt so small in that moment. Yeah. You know, I got it though.
Labos. Okay. I'm going to say 16 months. 16 months. 70. 70 months. Give me 30 months. 30 months.
Casey 45. Casey is once again correct. 46 months. Wow. I can't afford to see what's there.
As I was just watching. I was taking note of what Devlin was up to. That looks like a Rosenberg
brother. Oh my god. Lani Leroy. Comments. Lani drove to the capital from Alabama and a pickup
truck loaded with a small arsenal of Molotov cocktails, a nine millimeter handgun, a rifle, a
shotgun, hundreds of rounds of ammunition, large capacity ammunition feeding devices across
bow with bolts, machetes, camouflage smoke detectors, and gas filled machine jars used to make
napalm. Damn. But then he got sleepy and ended up crashing and charlet. I would also like to
mention that he was 72 at the time. Wow. Sentences and carrying two handguns at the time of
arrest. Jesus. Hmm. I could feel bad for this guy. Am I boring you? Yeah, a little bit.
She had really. 71 months. Let's give him the chair. The judge did say I'd never seen a homemade
batch of weaponry to the scale. Wow. Yeah. I mean whatever five years is in months,
five times 12. You're on top of the math stuff pretty well. Yeah. 60. 60. I don't know.
40. Okay. I'm going to say community service. He just has to work at a preschool for a year.
Kayla takes it with 40. He got 46 months, which less than devil in. Yeah. We're looking through a wood.
Yeah. I don't get how the first guy got the most. It seemed like his wasn't as bad as the other two.
I think different juries, different judges. Yeah. Different executions.
Nicholas. Is that a hand? What's that? Is that just him at a bills game?
No way. That's the front camera on an iPhone. Like that. I feel like he either turned his phone around.
Or it's a can't like a legit camera. He looks a little bit like one of my childhood best friends.
Oh, yeah. This guy could be like a nice guy. Yeah. He threw various objects at police
and including an orange traffic barrier and two stick-like objects.
Prosecutors claimed the items were capable of inflicting serious bodily injury, but they didn't.
Which I don't like his politics, but I'm a little bit like how did you go to jail for that? Yeah.
Let's hear your guys' guesses.
30? 30?
One year.
14 months.
Murdie could take it 44 months. Only two months less than the guy who basically had an entire like third-world
country's army arsenal in his fucking dodge. We should want to get this man out of prison. He's a hero.
Oh my god. We do nothing for Britney Gardner or Brian Erwin. We do everything for Jake. Nicholas
Languaren, Jacob, Anthony, Chan's Lee, aka the QAnon Shaman.
All he really did was dress like a shaman and then like kind of waltz around. But what the
prosecutor said was, what you did was terrible. You made yourself the epitome of the riot.
You didn't slug anybody but what you did here was actually obstruct the functioning of the entire
government, which is a serious crime.
70 months.
36. Everything seems to be in the 40s, so maybe there's some sort of precedent there.
40 months. Okay. 15 months.
I'm here as correct 41 months. Greg Rubenacker. This guy just vaped on a tour of the oval office.
That's exactly right. All he did was smoke weed, but on Capitol grounds. And on live, it looks like.
Yeah. That's his own inspiration. That's snapchat. Yeah. 10 months.
Is that yellow facial hair? Yeah, it's what I'm trying to figure out. What's happening?
Because that was his car for something. Yeah.
Yeah. That's his weird like fur.
Okay. Like it's under under chin beard situation. I think it's like an animal or a collar.
Are we far in Egypt? Yeah, a little bit. Yeah.
Everyone's yawning. Faster would be a little bit of a sign of a great thought.
We're all groggy for meeting sandwiches. This dude smoked out the Capitol.
So he hotboxed the Capitol. Yeah. That's a toned ugly. 20 months. Okay.
I said 10. 18. Okay. Casey. 24.
Casey takes it. 41 months. The same as the shot.
Here we go. The thing is in the 40s. It's the same. Cleveland Meredith Jr.
That's good. It seems kind of nice. Yes, seems good. He's also doing like motocross.
It's just it's just like when our younger mirrors like this guy is good. Can you imagine
describing like a sweet sort of nature enthusiast a little bit? I could see him being fine.
And then when he's like drunk at the local dive, he starts saying racist thing.
I know at a base level, I'm not going to trust anyone. He's he's sorry. He gives
cuck energy. I he wishes he gives cuck energy. You're saying he's not even confident enough
in his sexuality that he can't present that to his partner. No. Yeah. No. Not even. That's
40 months. 40. Well, what did you say what he did? I mean, everyone. Okay. 41.
Traveled from Colorado 41. Travel from Colorado to attend the riot, but later told investigators
that he arrived too late in the air. He was helping a family of ducklings across a road in Missouri.
The day after he sent a family member in Georgia, a text message threatening the kill
Nancy Pelosi. So his mother contacted the FBI. I love that. He all love that energy.
Yeah. Also Colorado. I love to see. Shut up for a second. I don't I never understand
Colorado Republicans. Like that's I mean, there's there's a lot of them, but I feel like Colorado
such a blue state. There's a lot of Republicans in California too. Yeah, everywhere. Yeah.
Whatever. Um, so 41. 35. 35. Okay.
Okay. So he just text it. He wasn't even there. I mean, he sent the text. Yeah. Well, he was there.
He rightly. So he got there day later on the 9th. That was time. Let's just borrow.
But but he wasn't there insurrecting it. No. Um,
a verbal warning anybody. I'm almost ain't nobody was 28 months.
So this guy's in prison. Robert Chapman. Oh,
Martin Chaps. Martin Chapman seems like a nice guy.
One week after January six, Chapman told someone on bumble that he took part in the riot.
I did sort of the capital he wrote in a message. I made it all the way to station. Statuary hall.
The person Chapman confessed to then replied, we are not a match ordered three months home. Oh, sorry three months.
They went through tension and then there's a and then on top of that. He got this other sentence.
Life. The chair for the fucking beard. I kind of fucked it up. 18 months probation.
This has been the price. All right.
Question. Yep. Take us through the thought process of making this second.
Do you have a Google Doc going with a bunch of possibilities? Did you say this once in a joke slash
tweet and you said, oh, this could be good for a segment one day and then you backed into the rules of the game?
I have found that game show parodies do well on the show both with the audience and sometimes you guys have fun.
So I was like, what do you think went wrong this time?
Can we open up for feedback? Yeah, let's spend the next five minutes auditing me a little bit.
I have a title first, right? I thought of, um,
by the way, it's a really great title. The title is right. It's correct. Yeah. And then you backed into the game based on the time.
Well, I was reading the news because I also come up with segments based on news and it was like an article about
all the people who had been sentenced from the January 6 riots and I was like, oh, there'd be funny to guess.
It could be funny to guess what their sentences are based on these things because a lot of these are ridiculous. They're all really ugly.
Um, and then I backed my way into the the price-alt, right?
Beach is in. I was like, that's a game show. I haven't parody yet. How do I make it frustrating to play?
Yeah. It's not like early obscure classical music. Well, really famous classical music, but you guys are,
well, I'm cultured. Yeah. So I'll sign.
Well, I will say I preferred this to the game that you had us play one time of just watching you scroll through deadline.
So this is this was much better than that. I'm not saying it. Well, it's like game gold.
Jeff was unprepared today. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that just in general game show parodies. I mean,
I, this isn't really even a game show parody. I, it just is like the the rules kind of of one part of the
prices, right? But I actually had went over pretty well because I did one to one. Well, that hasn't come out yet.
So we don't know how it went. Yeah. And it sound incredibly offensive. Well, it's just in that of me.
Looking at me. I didn't come up with that. Bodies are weird, man.
Bodies are very weird. What's the, what's the gash equivalent for penis?
Long bean. Pickled long bean.
Oh, you're so bad.
Men, we have members.
Plogs. What do you guys have going on when you want to point the people to the floor's cases first? Wow.
Follow me on Twitter at Casey Doniew and also later box. Why not? Yeah.
Where do you go? Follow me on Twitter, Instagram and letter box.
Statmer in Galon any more letter box followers, guys. How many letter box followers do you like 500 something?
Can you like people's reviews or yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm here.
I'll take it.
TikTok okay, Blummer.
I feel so unwelcome here. If you're a comic book, go to the newcomers panel, fear and
Montreal go to Jake and a new show. Yeah. I don't think so. Come out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you're right.
We both want to. Oh, yeah. Wow. Well, I hope we saw you there then. Yeah.
Me too. Come to us. I don't know what else we're up to. There's so many things. We have a lot of things
cooking at Jeff Way already on Twitter. Still nearing 10,000, 300 more to go. I think.
And we'll have a company happy hour. If I make it. Well, that's nice. Oh, yeah. That's nice. I won't be here.
No, you're going in New York. What's that? Oh, yeah. You're going in New York. I go to New York tomorrow.
Oh, how long are you there for my mom's birthday? Oh, and it's nice. Yeah. We'll see you guys again next week.
That's does.
It really is does, but
that was a hit dumb original.